Half-Elf

##### Backstory
Half-Elf raised my his single mother, an herbalist known for her healing remedies and deep connection to the forest. Unlike others in [[Misthaven]], him and his mother displeased the ways of the townsfolk and preferred to live on the outskirts of the town. Rowan was taught from a young age to identify herbs that had healing properties and would often use them to heal [[Valentine]] 's wounds left by his parents. 
As they grew older, Rowan brought him to his house as often as he could safely. Attempting to keep Valentine safe in the only way that he could. He watched as his mother cared for him as a mother should. Tended to his wounds that the monsters gave him. Rowan became Valentine's rock, eventually falling in love with one another. 
Rowan would kiss Valentine's tears away. As he wept of his parents, of his own self hatred. When He saw Valentine for the first time with his horns crudely broken off and shaved down was when he truly felt hatred for the first time. He felt the call of [[Vaernis]] at that moment. He spoke with the [[Weaver]] and she sewed a thread of magic to him.
When Valentine and Rowan had made the plan to leave on Valentine's Birthday he told his mother who gave them a map and directions on traveling the forest. He was badly beaten by Valentine's parents. And eventually succumbed to his injuries.
After his death he met with [[Vaernis]], who brought him back, for the price of his lover's parents deaths. He also must kill those who Vaernis tell him to. 
Rowan was brought back to life weeks later and stayed in [[Misthaven]]. He refused to return to his mothers home knowing that she would not have approved of his actions for whatever reason. He knew that she would no happen upon him as she made it a point to not come to town.
Rowan has spent his time healing from his wounds very slowly. And planning on Valentine's parents deaths. Since his re-awakening, Rowan has felt [[Vaernis]] 's grip on him always. Sometimes affecting his personality to act colder and his want to extract vengeance deepens. Rowan now has to constantly battle his thoughts, which are now almost a mix of his own and [[Vaernis]]. 