Present: [[Naula]], [[Valentine]], [[Twig]], [[Darrow]], [[Stella]], 

[[Darrow]] hears [[Seraphiel]] and [[Zeph]] speaking in [[Seraphiel]] 's office. [[Darrow]] uses his inspiration. He is carrying 5 books that mention [[Etherium]] and [[Atheria]]. [[Darrow]] leaves [[Sunspire Citadel]], noting that the scroll his parents left him mention ruins of a forgotten kingdom that may be [[Etherium]] in the [[Ethereal Veil]].
[[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]] fails her perception roll and is knocked to the ground prone. She sees her bother [[Valentine]].

[[Valentine]] is sprinting through the woods, trying to rid his head of the voices of his late lover [[Rowan]]. He runs into [[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]], knocking her prone and stepping on her. 
[[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]] cuts his foot deeply. He notices her and heals her with healing word. They reunite. They walk back toward [[Glimmershade]], [[Valentine]] starts to open up to [[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]], telling her that he hears [[Rowan]] 's cries for help. [[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]] takes [[Valentine]] to [[Glimmershade#The Crystal Elixir]] where they speak to [[High Elf woman]]. [[Valentine]] insults the woman, telling her that speaking to him is a privilege and that she does not have privileges, flings stew at [[Valentine]], he wipes it off his chest, tells her that it needs more salt. She likes that. She gets [[Valentine]] a bowl of stew after she salts it. Lets [[Valentine]] and [[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]] stay in her broom closet/room thing. Valentine shows her his horns. 

[[Darrow]] enters [[Glimmershade]], surprised at how large it is. He enters [[Glimmershade#Glassfire Alchemist]], he moves to the back seeing [[Thalia Fireforge]] in a back room, creating potions in a large glass pot. Warns about going to [[Misthaven]], tells him that there may be someone in [[Shadowglen]] that might have some information about the Vale. Gave him a small, worn journal that talks about some of the creatures and the plants in the [[Whispering Vale]]. [[Worn Journal]]. Tells him about how to travel through the forest. No magical fire, only travel at night, don't get off the path. As a thanks he leaves a few books for [[Thalia Fireforge]] (Potions that may have been made in [[Etherium]]) [[Darrow]] meditates in a tree on the outskirts of town. 

[[Twig]] reenters [[Glimmershade]], going to [[Glimmershade#Whisperwind Keepers]] (Adventurers guild in [[Glimmershade]]). He speaks to [[Gwendolyn Silverleaf]], who pays (150 gold) him for the job of killing and retrieving spider eyes from the woods. Twig goes to a bar he speaks to [[High Elf woman]], who wipes stew on him. He gets a room for the night (100). Darrow meditates in a tree on the outskirts of town. 

The group takes a long rest. [[Twig]] meets with [[Gwendolyn Silverleaf]] and she leaves to check in to see if he have everything that he needs to become a part of the adventurers guild. While that is happening [[Darrow]] leaves book as thanks for [[Thalia Fireforge]] (Potions that may have been made in [[Etherium]]). [[Darrow]] meets [[Twig]] at the inn. [[Valentine]] and [[Campaigns/Echos Of Time Campaign/Player Specific/Stella/Stella]] meet [[Darrow]] and [[Twig]] at the counter in the inn. They get food, and introduce themselves. [[Valentine]] uses his inspiration on intimidating [[Darrow]], he then asks [[Twig]] to help him snap off his horns. They go out behind the tavern and [[Twig]] helps him snap them off, [[Darrow]] assists by holding down [[Valentine]]. [[Valentine]] open's up and tells everyone that his parents used to snap them off. [[Twig]] burns his inspiration. [[Valentine]] takes damage from breaking of the horns. [[Valentine]] feels much better and as though a weight has been lifted from him. [[Valentine]] gains 1 point of trust to the party. [[Valentine]] saves the broken pieces of horn. [[Valentine]] pulls a card for the day, it's the [[Tarot#Five of Pentacles]]. [[Darrow]] explains what the card means and [[Valentine]] tell the party how the last card his lover pulled, [[Rowan]],was the [[Tarot#Death 13]]. He had explained that the death card is not necessarily death but rather a change. 

[[Thalia Fireforge]] gives a potion [[Potion of Forgetfullness]] that helped [[Valentine]] get rid of the voices in his head, ends up forgetting [[Rowan]] 's name as well. [[Thalia Fireforge]] gives [[Darrow]] 2 potions of greater healing as a thank you for the books that he had left for her. 
[[Valentine]] takes the party to a graveyard in [[Glimmershade]] where he looks for the headstones of his parents. 
